Blog post: Migrating Drupal 7 to Drupal 9 with Acquia Migrate: Accelerate (AM:A) (#145)
ddev/ddev.com: src/content/blog/drupal7-drupal9-migration-ddev-acquia-migrate-accelerate.md

    --account-pass=admin \
    --site-name="example.com on D9 thanks to AM:A" \
    --no-interaction \
    --db-url=mysql://root:root@db/dbd9
```

![Drupal 9 site installed and configured ](/img/blog/2023/11/ddev-ama-blog-3-site-install-complete.png)

The new D9 site has been `site-install`ed!

### Install and configure Acquia Migrate: Accelerate (AM:A)

Initiate the AM:A magic with the following commands <mark>***(remember we are still within the `ssh` session of the DDEV project)***</mark>. *(Note for clarity: we are running the **D9** included version of `vendor/bin/drush` on the **D9** site. Running `drush` otherwise or elsewhere would affect the **D7** site.)*

```
jq -r '.installModules[]' < acli-generated-project-metadata.json | xargs php -d memory_limit=512M vendor/bin/drush pm:install -y
```
*(the above installs all modules whose migration recommendations have been vetted, to ensure those migrations are available out of the box)*
```
vendor/bin/drush state:set --input-format=json acquia_migrate.initial_info - < acli-generated-project-metadata.json
```
*(the above provides all the metadata to the AM:A Drupal module's Module Auditor UI by storing it in Drupal's state )*

> ### <mark>Logout of the `ddev ssh` session</mark>, and modify the DDEV project to serve a second URL for the d9 site:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### <mark>Log out of the `ddev ssh` session</mark>, and modify the DDEV project to serve a second URL for the d9 site:
```

```

> logout

Reviewer: I didn't even know this existed. Always use `exit` or `<ctrl-d>` - Learn something every day!

Author: I remember being taught that `logout` was the best practice back in the days of the SunOS systems I was working on decades ago, and it's stuck with me since. 😁
